Authenciation
=============

## Request

Authenciation requires a POST request to /ht/login.php.

`Content-Type` should be `application/x-www-form-urlencoded; charset=UTF-8`.

`Cookie` should contain a value `PHPSESSID` with 26 random numbers or lower
case alphabet.

HTTP POST body: `username={username}&password={base64(encrypt(payload))}`

## Encryption

Encryption is done with Salsa20 algorithm. Key is pre-shared, IV is
`hashlib.sha1(PHPSESSID).digest()[:8]`.

Random amount of spaces may be appended to payload before being encrypted.

## Request Payload

    user={username}&pass={hash}&time={time}&rand={rand}

`username` is the username for client, any ASCII character except `:` can be
used to form a valid username.

`time` is the current UNIX timestamp in seconds on client machine.

`rand` is a random number between 0 and 2147483647.

`hash` is `hashlib.sha1(('%d:%d:%s:%s' % (rand, time, password, username)).encode()).hexdigest().lower()`

The server is responsible to check whether `rand` is unique within last 5
minutes and the difference of time between client and server is within 5
minutes.

## Response

403 Forbidden: Something is wrong.

    HTTP/1.1 403 Forbidden
    Cache-Control: no-cache, must-revalidate
    Pragma: no-cache

302 Found: Authenciation is successfully done.

    HTTP/1.1 302 Found
    Location: /ht/file.php
    Cache-Control: no-cache, must-revalidate
    Pragma: no-cache
    Set-Cookie: PHPSESSID={phpsessid}; path=/

The server validates `PHPSESSID` passed by the client. If not valid, the server
should assign a new value.

Implementation does not require data transport be on the same host with gateway.
If so, the 302 redirection heads to the data transport URI instead of
/ht/file.php.
