Data Transport
==============

Data transport is done on /ht/file.php.

Request:

    POST /ht/file.php HTTP/1.1
    Content-Type: application/octet-stream
    Cookie: PHPSESSID={phpsessid}
    Transfer-Encoding: chunked

Response:

    HTTP/1.1 200 OK
    Cache-Control: no-cache, must-revalidate
    Content-Type: application/octet-stream
    Pragma: no-cache
    Transfer-Encoding: chunked

Data transport uses a diagram like protocol.

Each query or response is in a HTTP chunk.

There can be multiple data transport connections between client and server.

## Encryption

Encryption is done with Salsa20 algorithm. Key is pre-shared, encryption IV
is sent immediately when connection is set up.

Random amount of spaces are appended to the packet before being encrypted.

## Query

### Query Request

Notify IV: `{client_server_iv}{encrypt({server_client_iv}{time})}`

Connect: `c{queryid} {host} {tcp|udp} {port}`

Disconnect: `q{queryid} {streamid}`

DNS Query: `n{queryid} {host} {A|AAAA|PTR}`

### Query Response

Verify nonce: 200 on success, 403 on failure.

Connect: `.{queryid} {streamid}`

Disconnect: `.{queryid}`

DNS Query: `.{queryid} {result1} {result2} {result3}`

Error: `!{queryid}`

## Transfer

### Upload

Client: `u{queryid} {streamid}`

Server: `.{queryid} {packetid_0}`

Client: `U{queryid} {size_0} {payload_0}`

Server: `.{queryid} {packetid_1}`

Client: `U{queryid} {size_1} {payload_1}`

Server: `.{queryid} {packetid_2}`

Client: `!{queryid}` terminate this batch of upload

### Download

Client: `d{queryid} {streamid} {packetid_0}`

Server: `.{queryid} {size_0} {payload_0}`

Client: `.{queryid} {packetid_1}`

Server: `.{queryid} {size_1} {payload_1}`

Client: `.{queryid} {packetid_2}`

Server: `!{queryid}` connection closed by remote host

Or terminate this batch of download on client side: `!{queryid}`

## Note

`queryid` is a random generated string by client.

`streamid` is a string generated by server to indicate a stream.

`packetid` is a hexagon number indicating the packet sequence.

`size` is a hexagon number representing the length of the corresponding payload.

## Shutting down

If there is no data transport connection for 180 seconds. All resources related to this
session will be shut down and recycled.

The client should be aware when /ht/file.php returns 403. There is a
possibility that this session is shut down for being idle.
